[ENH] Add the ability of users to specify an explicit HED.xml schema for validation. (#527)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/03-modality-agnostic-files.md

| **Field name**         |   **Definition**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
|:------------------ |:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Name               | REQUIRED. Name of the dataset.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| BIDSVersion        | REQUIRED. The version of the BIDS standard that was used.                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | HEDVersion         | RECOMMENDED if HED tags are used. The version of the HED schema  used to validate HED tags for study.                                                                                                                                                                 |

Author: Done

| EthicsApprovals    | OPTIONAL. List of ethics committee approvals of the research protocols and/or protocol identifiers.                                                                                                                                                                |
| ReferencesAndLinks | OPTIONAL. List of references to publication that contain information on the dataset, or links.                                                                                                                                                                     |
| DatasetDOI         | OPTIONAL. The Document Object Identifier of the dataset (not the corresponding paper).                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | HEDVersion         | OPTIONAL. HED version number or the name of HED XML schema file used to validate HED tags for study.                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: If there's a significant likelihood of backwards-incompatible changes, then this should probably be RECOMMENDED:

```suggestion
| HEDVersion         | RECOMMENDED if HED tags are used. HED version number or the name of HED XML schema file used to validate HED tags for study.                                                                                                                      |
```

If it's mostly a way to test new features, then OPTIONAL seems fine.

> | HEDVersion         | RECOMMENDED. HED version number or the name of the HED XML schema file located in `sourcedata` used to validate HED tags for study.                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: this looks good, but I would perhaps specify that the file name is supposed to be:
- separated with `/` (as opposed to `\` as sometimes (always?) used on Windows)
- relative to `sourcedata` (with leading `/` or not?)

Reviewer 3: The file name would be just the file, without any path information. The code will construct the path to `sourcedata/` during validation in a platform-agnostic manner.

Reviewer 2: this line now needs to be updated now to follow our most recent agreement that we'll only accept an HED version number in the BIDS spec right now.
